---
title: "7_17"
date: 2023-07-17
---

### Morning
 - Read the linux book. Learned some vim techniques today. 
 - The most important idea is that most of the commands support adding a number before it, and the command will repeat that many times. 
 - Also, changing the value of variable PS1 to redesign the shell prompt.
 - Worked on GPT usage extension: find the quick response method to get product/ally satisfaction. 
 - Found that the knowledgebase's content is limited, and the task cannot be completed temporarily.
 - Retried working on the MEM project, tried another software to convert audio to text, but the result remained unsatisfactory, and gave up.
 
### Afternoon
 - Read a JavaScript book, Learned the techniques of Regular Expression and date function.
 - Read the Linux book as well:
 - When apt is not working, one can download the .dpkg package locally on windows, and use the scp command to transfer to the serverside.
 - After that, use "dpkg -i package_name" to install the package.
 - Asked my boss how to resolve that the answer from the knowledgebase is not reliable. 
 - He said I could make use of the API that returns the knowledgebase citation of the answer of queries. But found the function was still unavailable...
 - After that, found an API called "application search" that gives knowledges in the knowledgebase with high similarity compared to your query.
 - The API doesn't generage an answer to your query. Preparing to work on this tomorrow.
 - I prepare to use n8n to write an http request to use the API, and write a widget on APITable that refers to the n8n workflow.