---
title: "7_18"
date: 2023-07-18
---

### Morning
 - Uploaded a series of Python source code for web scraping and API calling, which were previously used by the MEM project, to the GitLab on DaoCloud.
 - Additionally, successfully utilized n8n to request the interface of FastGPT for searching purposes only 
 - This interface will only return the search results, without engaging in conversation.
 
### Afternoon
 - Originally, the plan was to call the n8n pipeline on the apitable widget. 
 - However, it turned out to be unnecessary as operations can be directly performed within the apitable widget.
 - Therefore, an attempt was made to convert the HTTP request from n8n into a format that could be executed on the apitable widget.
 - However, there was difficulty in running it on the apitable widget.
 - It was discovered that the header was missing the 'Content-Type: application/json' parameter.
 - Strangely, in order to run successfully, n8n required the deletion of this parameter, while the apitable widget still needed it.
 - This only involves establishing interaction with the fastgpt knowledge base; consideration needs to be given to the user interface aspect.
 - Initially, the idea was to automatically query the knowledge base based on the content in a selected cell. 
 - However, it was realized that this was unnecessary and instead, users could input their query directly.
 - Later, after reading a Linux book for a while, learned the basic usage of two commands - mount and umount. 
 - However, practical implementation has not been extensively explored yet.